Cloud is supported now (#61)
Certora/Documentation: docs/gambit/mutation-verifier.md

## Installations and Setup

To use the mutation verifier,
  you will need to {ref}`install the Certora Prover and its dependencies <installation>`.
  Mutation verification currently requires the `alpha-master` version of the Certora CLI.
To install it, run

```sh

> pip install certora-cli-alpha-master

Reviewer: We'll soon deploy to prod, don't we want a final version with original certora_cli?

Author: @shellygr we do, but when will that happen? I know some people internally were trying to use it this week for the Secureum thing so i wanted to have this up for now. Happy to update this now or once we have it ready.

Author: ok we decided on slack that we will merge this now and I am about to open another PR that updates this to the prod version.

## Running the Mutation Verifier

You will need to update your `certora-cli-alpha-master` installation using `pip` to get the relevant

> dependencies. Then you can run Gambit like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dependencies. Then you can run Gambit from the command line:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I think since we're already having them install through the `certora-cli-alpha-master`, we shouldn't direct them directly to the Java page.  Instead, we should direct them to the installation instructions for the Prover.  Something like
````
To use the mutation verifier, you will need to {ref}`install the Certora Prover and its dependencies <installation>`.  Mutation verification currently requires the `alpha-master` version of the Certora CLI.  To install it, run

```sh
pip install certora-cli-alpha-master
```

If you already have `certora-cli-alpha-master` installed and the `mutationTest` command is not available, you may need to update to a newer version by running

```sh
pip install --upgrade certora-cli-alpha-master
```

````

```
mutationTest path/to/config/file/Example.conf
```

> - **NOTE: if a path has spaces, put quotes around it to ensure correct parsing by Kotlin's libraries**

Reviewer 2: I would probably leave this out; it's not special for the mutation tester, every command line program has this problem.  Is there any reason to expect that this will come up?  I certainly wouldn't mention Kotlin here.

```{note}
Gambit supports {ref}`--staging` and {ref}`--cloud`.

However, Gambit currently has trouble with
{ref}`--send_only` in the run scripts.

> If you have this flag, please remove it for now.

Reviewer 2: I would move this entire note to the `"run_script"` section; there's not enough context here to understand what this means.
